cses solution(s) (#677)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/CSES Police Chase.mdx

---
id: cses-1695
source: CSES
title: Police Chase
author: Dong Liu
---

> First, we run a Max Flow algorihtm on the graph. Then, we run another BFS from node $1$. If node $a$ is reachable but node $b$ is not and there was an edge connecting $a\rightarrow b$, then we know that that edge must be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we run a max flow algorithm on the graph. Then, we run another BFS from node $1$. If node $a$ is reachable but node $b$ is not and there was an edge $a\rightarrow b$, then we know that edge must be removed.
```

#define FOR(i,a,b) for(int i=(a); i<=(b); i++)
#define R0F(i,a) for(int i=(a)-1; i>=0; i--)
#define ROF(i,a,b) for(int i=(b); i>=a; i--)
#define trav(a,x) for (auto& a: x)
 
int n, m;
ll adj[501][501], oadj[501][501];
 
ll flow[501];
bool V[501];
int pa[501];
using pii = pair<int, int>;
vector<pii> ans;
 
bool reachable() {
    memset(V, false, sizeof(V));
    queue<int> Q; Q.push(1); V[1]=1;
    while(!Q.empty()) {
        int i=Q.front(); Q.pop();
        FOR(j,1,n) if (adj[i][j] && !V[j])
            V[j]=1, pa[j]=i, Q.push(j);
    }
    return V[n];
}
 
int main() {
    cin >> n >> m;
    FOR(i,1,n) FOR(j,1,n) adj[i][j]=oadj[i][j]=0;
    F0R(i,m) {
        ll a,b; cin >> a >> b;
        adj[a][b]++, adj[b][a]++;
        oadj[a][b]++, oadj[b][a]++;
    }
    int v, u;
    while(reachable()) {
        ll flow = 1e18;
        for (v=n; v!=1; v=pa[v]) {
            u = pa[v];
            flow = min(flow, adj[u][v]);
        }
        for (v=n; v!=1; v=pa[v]) {
            u = pa[v];
            adj[u][v] -= flow;
            adj[v][u] += flow;
        }
    }
    reachable();
    FOR(i,1,n) FOR(j,1,n)
    if (V[i] && !V[j] && oadj[i][j]) ans.pb({i,j});

>     cout << ans.size() <<"\n";
>     trav(a, ans) cout << a.f <<" "<<a.s<<"\n";

Author: consistent spacing
```suggestion
    cout << ans.size() << '\n';
    trav(a, ans) cout << a.f << " " << a.s << '\n';
```
